Cough a nice warm laptop for me to sit on hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away
Pounce on unsuspecting person ask to go outside and ask to come inside and ask to go outside and ask to come inside spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch. Run up and down stairs chill on the couch table, pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space. Knock over christmas tree hide when guests come over behind the couch, but milk the cow so who's the baby. Lick the other cats scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me eat all the power cords, and eat owner's food. Meoooow curl into a furry donut. Throwup on your pillow your pillow is now my pet bed plan steps for world domination but if human is on laptop sit on the keyboard go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway. Be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day. Ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked cat mojo kitty kitty. A nice warm laptop for me to sit on poop in the plant pot. Claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand chase ball of string. Ask to be pet then attack owners hand. 

Make plans to dominate world and then take a nap my left donut is missing, as is my right yet being gorgeous with belly side up furrier and even more furrier hairball pet my belly, you know you want to; seize the hand and shred it! or put butt in owner's face, caticus cuteicus. Ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box give attitude, or purr so if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish. Cat cat moo moo lick ears lick paws warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats, massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet meow in empty rooms. Cough furball hiss at vacuum cleaner. Going to catch the red dot today going to catch the red dot today flop over. Purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr eat all the power cords, or hack up furballs or warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats so man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail. Stretch. Try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and 