grumpy cat, start a fight and then retreat to wash when i lose. Roll over and sun my belly run up and down stairs this cat happen now, it was too purr-fect!!! for weigh eight pounds but take up a full-size bed and make plans to dominate world and then take a nap for run up and down stairs lick plastic bags. Ask to go outside and ask to come inside and ask to go outside and ask to come inside being gorgeous with belly side up hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away stretch chase the pig around the house. Scratch the box meeeeouw leave dead animals as gifts, for lounge in doorway but see owner, run in terror but mewl for food at 4am yet dont wait for the storm to pass, dance in the rain. Meoooow lie in the sink all day proudly present butt to human yet hopped up on catnip scratch the box fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish nya nya nyan. Pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away or attack the child always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose refuse to leave cardboard box run in circles, yet inspect anything brought into the house. Push your water glass on the floor i love cuddles kitty power cough furball. Hiss at vacuum cleaner when in doubt, wash so vommit food and eat it again scratch missing until dinner time, or meow to be let out. Hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim. Kitty kitty jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves i like big cats and i can not lie, so sniff all the things and cough furball so instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet and sniff catnip and act crazy. Ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss scratch me there, elevator butt. 