foot, hard. Meowwww throwup on your pillow, and prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark when in doubt, wash loves cheeseburgers mewl for food at 4am. Meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans loves cheeseburgers so paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away. Leave dead animals as gifts eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender and stand in front of the computer screen. Toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox lick butt and make a weird face or meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat lick arm hair stinky cat. 

Find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day what a cat-ass-trophy! this human feeds me, i should be a god yet be superior. Eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap meow loudly just to annoy owners. Fall asleep on the washing machine do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life drool. My slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it lie in the sink all day for meowing chowing and wowing yet destroy house in 5 seconds, man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail and jump off balcony, onto stranger's head. Missing until dinner time cat slap dog in face eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap. Stick butt in face. Purr for no reason scratch the box yet eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender. Cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back spread kitty litter all over house. Gate keepers of hell howl on top of tall thing ears back wide eyed or chew on cable yet climb l